chore(http): Refresh headers docs (d-k) (#36075)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/expect/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`Expect`** {{Glossary("request header")}} indicates that there are expectations that need to be met by the server in order to handle the complete request successfully.

When a request has an `Expect: 100-continue` header, a server sends a {{HTTPStatus("100", "100 Continue")}} response to indicate that the server is ready or capable of receiving the rest of the request content.
Waiting for a `100` response can be helpful if a client anticipates that an error is likely, for example, when sending state-changing operations without previously verified authentication credentials.

A {{HTTPStatus("417", "417 Expectation Failed")}} response is returned if the server cannot meet the expectation, or any other status otherwise (e.g., a [4XX](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) status for a client error, or a [2XX](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#successful_responses) status if the request can be resolved successfully without further processing).

> No browsers send the `Expect` header, but some clients (command-line tools) do so by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None of the more common browsers send the `Expect` header, but some clients (command-line tools) do so by default.
```
